# Fanuc 411 Excess Error
  
**What is the proper method to test a motor for a short?**
The proper way to troubleshoot a FANUC motor for a short is to first lock out the machine, remove the cable from the drive, and test all three motor phases to ground with a megohmmeter. This will test both the motor and the cable for problems.
 
**Download File ✦✦✦ [https://onsowinmu.blogspot.com/?um=2A0TbD](https://onsowinmu.blogspot.com/?um=2A0TbD)**


 
**What is an Axis Communications Error?
**An Axis Communications Error indicates a communications problem between the motor encoder and the CNC control. This can be caused by the motor encoder itself, the cable going to the encoder, or the axis control card the cable is plugged into.
 
**What is an Excess Error Alarm and why is it caused?
**Generally, an Excess Error means that the machine has moved beyond its allowable tolerance. The CNC has told the FANUC servo drive to make a move, the servo drive moves the motor, which in turn moves the encoder. As the machine moves, there will be some deviation. This deviation is known as the Excess. The parameters set how much deviation/excess should be allowed.
 
These errors can be caused by a variety of problems. For example, a dull tool can caused the axis to be pushed out of position which results in a deviation error. Debris build up can cause deviations while the machine is stopped. Additionally, a failed servo drive can also cause deviation errors.

**What is FANUC Servo Alarm 414?
**The FANUC Servo Alarm 414 is an alarm issued by the CNC that says a problem has been found in either the servo drive or the feedback system. The alarm will show which axis is causing the problem. To identify the specifics of this alarm, you must go into the CNC diagnostics page. Diagnostics number 200 on the 16th row will indicate what is causing the problem.
**
What is the difference between a High-Current Alarm and an Over-Current alarm?
**A high current is an abnormal current that can be caused by noise. When the system detects this, it will generally shut the machine down and generate a High-Current Alarm. This FANUC alarm code is usually caused by defective servo drive or cooling contamination inside of the motor windings or cable.
 
**I unplugged my AC or DC FANUC motors, and now I am getting a 300APC Alarm. What is that?**
A 300APC Alarm indicates that you are using an absolute pulse coder. The difference between an absolute pulse coder and a incremental pulse coder deals in the memory retention of the position. Using a CNC control with an incremental pulse coder, you must reference the machine every time you turn the machine back on.
 
Good afternoon, I have an alarm on my machine. It shows up when I send it to ask it to find the degrees. For example, if I ask for 90\* or 180\*, the alarm 7140 spn 1 appears: no 1-rot cs signal detect.
this is the one that appears
 
I would check the belt on the servo gun. Has the gun been autotuned lately? Ball screw lubricated? There is an offset parameter you can max inside $PARAM\_GRP that would help you temporally if you needed a quick fix to run. If my hardware was ok, (belt) ball screw, ect.. I would attempt to autotune and monitor it from there.
 
I have had an issue in the past with obara and degensha guns pressuring up on certain pressures and getting the error due to parameters not being met. A cable would be initial to look at especially if you get (stop excess errors). If it is one particular pressure, I would auto tune and re-establish new parameters for your gun if all hardware is functioning. Weld slag, grease and other debris have potential of getting inside the cover and causing the gun not to achieve it's distance with applied torque. I have seen this in the past due to a belt. I would def pop the cover off and inspect just to rule out.
 
Many of the newer controls have a diagnostic in which you can look at that shows the physical following error when the axis is moving. Try jogging at various speeds and view the following error. Notice there is a jump when the axis first starts-this is common. View the following error ounce the axis reaches its speed and holds steady. Compare to another axis for a comparison. Make sure you check an axis that corresponds to if it is horizontal or gravity is pulling down on it. Many vertical axis problems with a following error problem can be related to counterballance weights and axis brakes. Also try moving in small increments with the hand wheel and handwheel the axis back and forth to see how quickly the following error steadies out. It should steady out after about one bouce from positive 1or 2 to negative 1 or 2 and hold steady or not bounce at all. If it bounces multiple times it tells you you most likely you have a bind or load in the axis. If this is the case and it is a horizontal axis consider putting the machine in Estop and powering off the machine and grab onto to the ballscrew and turn it by hand to see how it feels.


 
To access the screen to view the following error for Fanuc controls 15, 16,18,21,and above press the system key then press the DGN softkey. Page down till you get to 300. Here you should see a description for excess servo error.



 
As a temporary fix to get a machine running there is often a parameter that can be adjusted to allow a larger following error limit. However accuracy of the machine will also be affected when this is adjusted. Another temporary fix may be to drop down your rapid or feedrates depending on where the following error alarms occurs in the program.
 
Machinetoolhelp home | CNC buying tips | CNC Automation | CNC Programming | Machinery installation | Machine preventive maintenance | Machinery troubleshooting | CNC machine repair | Learning CNC & Tutorials | CNC Professional Forums | CNC information | Links | CNC Software | CNC videos and CNC training videos
 
We have some bridgport 3020 with a fanuc 21i control. We are getting alarms 740 and 741 rigid tap alarm: excess error. In the discription of the alarm it say for 740 "During rigid tapping, the position error of a position at which the spindle stops exceeds the specified value". For 741 "During rigid tapping, the position error during spindle movement exceeds the specified value". I was wondering if I could adjust some of the rigid tapping parameters (5200 group) to help with this error. I feel that this machine should have the power to run the tap cycle. When I finished the tapping by hand it didn't really seem that difficult.
 
They have had this problem before, but nobody talked to me about it. They felt that the machine lacked the horsepower to do it. We have to put an M29 before the G84. We have done rigid tapping before. Some worked and some didn't. The reason that I felt there is a parameter problem is that it will do this with a 3/8 28 tap. When you can break 3/4 or 1" endmills, why wouldn't it break a 3/8 tap? This tells me that I should have plenty of torque to tap this hole.
 
I think that they have tried both. What size of holes have you tapped in your 3020? And in what? I havn't been able to find the rated horsepower for our machines yet, we have the 8000 rpm spindle. In our manual, it has a rigid tapping setup proceedure. Have you done this? Would you know where to find the program O0040 at?
 
There was an I/O request issued for a pot number or offset, but either no tool numbers have been input since power on or there is no data for the entered tool number.**OT 127**DI.EIDHW OUT OF RANGE The value input by external data input signals EID32 to EID47 is out of range.**OT 128**DI.EIDLL OUT OF RANGE The value input by external data input signals EID0 to EID31 is out of range.**OT 129**NEGATE POS CODER 1 REV ON The CPU or peripheral circuit of the position coder is faulty.**OT 130**SEARCH REQUEST NOT ACCEPTED No request can be accepted for a program No or sequence No search because the system is not in memory mode or the reset state.**OT 131**EXT-DATA ERROR (OTHER) An input request was received for a pot No or offset value while tool data was being registered with G10.
 
An error occurred during reading or writing of tool data.**OT 132**RETURN ERROR (PTRR)The tool did not return to the stored position along the axis in tool retraction mode.**OT 150**A/D CONVERT ALARM The A/D converter is faulty**OT 151**A/D CONVERT ALARM The A/D converter is faulty**OT 184**PARAMETER ERROR IN TORQUE An invalid parameter was specified for torque control.**OT 200**INTERFERENCE DATA ERROR The tool figure specified for the tool post interference check is incorrect.**OT 208**INTERFERENCE X1 MINUS An interference alarm occurred while the first tool post was moving in the negative direction along the X axis**OT 209**INTERFERENCE X1 PLUS An interference alarm occurred while the first tool post was moving in the positive direction along the X axis**OT 210**INTERFERENCE Z1 MINUS An interference alarm occurred while the first tool post was moving in the negative direction along the Z axis**OT 211**INTERFERNCE Z1 PLUS An interference alarm occurred while the first tool post was moving in the positive direction along the Z axis**OT 212**INTERFERENCE X2 MINUS An interference alarm occurred while the second tool post was moving in the negative direction along the X axis**OT 213**INTERFERENCE X2 PLUS An interference alarm occurred while the second tool post was moving in the positive direction along the X axis**OT 214**INTERFERENCE Z2 MINUS An interference alarm occurred while the second tool post was moving in the positive negative along the Z axis**OT 215**INTERFERENCE Z2 PLUS An interference alarm occurred while the second tool post was moving in the positive direction along the Z axis**OT 300**S-SPINDLE LSI ERROR An error occurred in communication with spindle**OT 301**MOTOR OVERHEAT Motor overheat**OT 302**EX DEVIATION SPEED Excessive deviation in speed**OT 307**OVER SPEED Excessive speed**OT 309**OVERHEAT MAIN CIRCUIT Excessive load on the main circuit**OT 310**LOW VOLT INPUT POWER Low voltage in the input power supply**OT 311**OVERVOLT POW CIRCUIT Excessive voltage in the DC link**OT 312**OVERCURRENT POW CIRCUIT Excessive current in the DC Link**OT 313**DATA MEMORY FAULT CPU Error in CPU internal data memory**OT 318**SUMCHECK ERROR PGM DATA Sum check error in ROM**OT 319**EX OFFSET CURRENT U Excessive offset in U phase current detection circuit.**OT 320**EX OFFSET CURRENT V Excessive offset in V phase current detection circuit.**OT 324**SERIAL TRANSFER ERROR Error in serial data transfer**OT 325**SERIAL TRANSFER STOP Serial data transfer was stopped**OT 326**DISCONNECT C-VELO DETECT The Cs axis control speed detection signal is disconnected**OT 327**DISCONNECT POS-CODER The position coder is disconnected**OT 328**DISCONNECT C-POS DETECT The Cs axis control speed detection signal is disconnected**OT 329**OVERLOAD Temp overload**OT 330**OVERCURRENT POWER CIRCUIT Excessive current in input circuit**OT 331**MOTOR LOCK OR V-SIG LOS The motor locked up alarm is issued or the speed detection signal is disconnected**OT 332**RAM FAULT SERIAL LSI Faulty RAM exists in LSI for serial data transfer**OT 333**SHORTAGE POWER CHARGE Insufficient power charge in DC link**OT 334**PARAMETER SETTING ERROR Parameter data is out of range**OT 335**EX SETTING GEAR RATIO An excessive gear ration was set**OT 336**OVERFLOW ERROR COUNTER The error counter overflowed**OT 399**S-SPINDLE ERROR Misc spindle amplifier alarm has occured**OT 512**EXCESS VELOCITY The feedrate specified during polar coordinate interpolation mode was greater than the max cutting feedrate.**OT 513**SYNC EXCESS ERROR The difference between the positional deviations for the synchronized axes during simple synchronization was greater than the limit set in the parameter.**OT 513**SYNC EXCESS ERRORThe difference between the master and the slave axes to be synchronized with each other has exceeded the maximum compensation.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
